7. Algorithms Level 3/README.md, before:

# Algorithms Level 3 Course

    This course has 50 problems and 2 projects ;)

#   The problems are the following :
    [X] Problem 1 : Write A Program to fill 3x3 matrix with random numbers and print it
    [X] Problem 2 : Write A Program to fill 3x3 matrix with random numbers and print it then print each row sum
    [X] Problem 3 : Write A Program to fill 3x3 matrix with random numbers and print it then print each row sum but each rom sum is inside an array
    [X] Problem 4 : Write A Program to fill 3x3 matrix with random numbers and print it then print each col sum
    [X] Problem 5 : Write A Program to fill 3x3 matrix with random numbers and print it then print each col sum but each col sum is inside an array
    [X] Problem 6 : Write A Program to fill 3x3 matrix with ordered numbers then print it
    [X] Problem 7 : Write A Program to fill 3x3 matrix with ordered numbers then print it and make another 2d vector to fill it in transposed format

## *i will add the remaining problems soon inshallah :)*

Commit message:

Adding problem 8 to the 7th course

7. Algorithms Level 3/README.md, after:

# Algorithms Level 3 Course

    This course has 50 problems and 2 projects ;)

#   The problems are the following :
    [X] Problem 1 : Write A Program to fill 3x3 matrix with random numbers and print it
    [X] Problem 2 : Write A Program to fill 3x3 matrix with random numbers and print it then print each row sum
    [X] Problem 3 : Write A Program to fill 3x3 matrix with random numbers and print it then print each row sum but each rom sum is inside an array
    [X] Problem 4 : Write A Program to fill 3x3 matrix with random numbers and print it then print each col sum
    [X] Problem 5 : Write A Program to fill 3x3 matrix with random numbers and print it then print each col sum but each col sum is inside an array
    [X] Problem 6 : Write A Program to fill 3x3 matrix with ordered numbers then print it
    [X] Problem 7 : Write A Program to fill 3x3 matrix with ordered numbers then print it and make another 2d vector to fill it in transposed format
    [X] Problem 8 : Write A Program to fill 2 (3x3 matrix) with ordered numbers then print it and make another 2d vector to multiply first 2d vector by the second 2d vector

## *i will add the remaining problems soon inshallah :)*
